feat: official resources section (#967)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/official-resources.rst

Official Resources
-------------------

This section contains assets, resources, and artifacts that cannot be distributed as technical documentation but must be provided in their native digital format. These include source files in formats such as SVG, raster images, code repositories, configuration files, and other digital assets that are essential for the design and implementation of IT-Wallet System Technical Solutions.

Any additional technical resources, repositories, and documentation will be made available in this section in future releases of these Technical Specifications.

Official Website
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The official website of the IT-Wallet System is available at the following address. If it is not immediately accessible, it will be made available as soon as possible:

Author: ```suggestion
The official website of the IT-Wallet System is available at the following address. The official website of the IT-Wallet System is the following address:"
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official website of the IT-Wallet System is the following address:
```

Graphic Assets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following official graphic assets are available for download in the `docs/en/images/svg/ <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg>`_ folder of this repository:

- **IT-Wallet Logo**: Official logo of the IT-Wallet System (SVG format) - `Download the logo <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/logoIT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet Symbol**: Official symbol of the IT-Wallet System - `Download the symbol <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/symbol-IT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet ID**: Official graphic element that ensures the unique identification and representation of the PID across all Wallet Solutions - `Download IT-Wallet ID <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/IT-Wallet-ID.svg>`_
- **Trust Mark**: Official graphic element for attesting the participation in the IT-Wallet System - Read more at section :ref:`brand-identity:Trust Mark`

> - **Authentication Button**: Official button for authentication via IT-Wallet - `Download Authentication Button <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/Authentication-button.svg>`_

Reviewer: All graphic assets will be available to download from the official resources folder, not the images one

Author: done in

58ea8fcebd3ae1bb0c877dea78857ee847a9c402

and 

76a0c6524592faddea7b8bcd529becc69c6c4bfb

HTML Components
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following official HTML components are available in the `official_resources/ <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources>`_ folder of this repository:

> - **Authentication Button Component**: Official HTML/CSS component for authentication via IT-Wallet, based on the `dev-kit-italia <https://github.com/italia/dev-kit-italia/tree/main/packages/button>`_ framework - `View the component <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources/authentication-button>`_ - `Demo on GitHub Pages <https://italia.github.io/eidas-it-wallet-docs/official_resources/authentication-button/authentication-button.html>`_

Author: done 539a98852a1072fe6435c46e7c102d70cf95d379

Official Resources
-------------------

> This section contains all references useful for the design and implementation of the IT-Wallet System, including repositories, logos, graphic assets, and additional documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains assets, resources, and artifacts that cannot be distributed as technical documentation but must be provided in their native digital format. These include source files in formats such as SVG, raster images, code repositories, configuration files, and other digital assets that are essential for the design and implementation of IT-Wallet System Technical Solutions.

Any additional technical resources, repositories, and documentation will be made available in this section in future releases of these Technical Specifications.
```

Official Website
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The official website of the IT-Wallet System is available at the following address. If it is not immediately accessible, it will be made available as soon as possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official website of the IT-Wallet System is the following address:
```

Author: Let's try to improve this statement before the final review

Reviewer: What doesn't convince you of the above proposal? 

We see two possible ways to rephrase the sentence:
1) "The official website of the IT-Wallet System is the following address:" and remove the latter part to avoid confusion or make obvious statements
OR
2) "The official website of the IT-Wallet System is available at the following address. It may be temporarily unavailable during release, review, or update phases:" suggested by Copilot in a better english form

Reviewer: @peppelinux

- **IT-Wallet Official Website**: `https://www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_

Graphic Assets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The following official graphic assets are available in the `official_resources/ <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources>`_ folder of this repository and can be downloaded directly from GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following official graphic assets are available for download in the `official_resources/ <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources>`_ folder of this repository:
```

- **IT-Wallet ID**: Official graphic element for identifying the IT-Wallet System - `Download IT-Wallet ID <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/IT-Wallet-ID.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet Logo**: Official logo of the IT-Wallet System (SVG format) - `Download the logo <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/logoIT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet Symbol**: Official pictogram of the IT-Wallet System - `Download the symbol <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/symbol-IT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **Trust Mark**: Official graphic element for attesting membership in the IT-Wallet System (ENG and ITA versions) - `Download Trust Mark ENG <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/trustmark-ENG.svg>`_, `Download Trust Mark ITA <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/it/images/svg/trustmark-ITA.svg>`_

> - **Authentication Button**: Official button for authentication via IT-Wallet - `Download Authentication Button <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/Authentication-button.svg>`_

Reviewer: - I'd move on top Logo and symbol
- the trust mark is a composite element made of text+logo and its rule of composition are described in the relative section
In addition, CTAs to download should link to the files available in the Official Resources folder instead of the images folder

```suggestion
- **IT-Wallet Logo**: Official logo of the IT-Wallet System (SVG format) - `Download the logo <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/logoIT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet Symbol**: Official symbol of the IT-Wallet System - `Download the symbol <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/symbol-IT-Wallet.svg>`_
- **IT-Wallet ID**: Official graphic element for identifying the IT-Wallet System - `Download IT-Wallet ID <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/IT-Wallet-ID.svg>`_
- **Trust Mark**: Official graphic element for attesting the participation in the IT-Wallet System - Read more at section :ref:`brand-identity:Trust Mark`
- **Authentication Button**: Official button for authentication via IT-Wallet - `Download Authentication Button <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/versione-corrente/docs/en/images/svg/Authentication-button.svg>`_
```

HTML Components
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following official HTML components are available in the `official_resources/ <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources>`_ folder of this repository:

- **Authentication Button Component**: Official HTML/CSS component for authentication via IT-Wallet, based on the `dev-kit-italia <https://github.com/italia/dev-kit-italia/tree/main/packages/button>`_ framework - `View the component <https://github.com/italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs/tree/versione-corrente/official_resources/authentication-button>`_ - `Demo on GitHub Pages <https://italia.github.io/eidas-it-wallet-docs/official_resources/authentication-button/authentication-button.html>`_

Repositories and Additional Resources
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This section contains assets, resources, and artifacts that cannot be distributed as technical documentation but must be provided in their native digital format. These include source files in formats such as SVG, raster images, code repositories, configuration files, and other digital assets that are essential for the design and implementation of IT-Wallet System Technical Solutions.

> Any additional technical resources, repositories, and documentation will be made available in this section in future releases of these Technical Specifications.

Reviewer: Moved up 

```suggestion
```

Brand Manual
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The Brand Manual containing complete guidelines for the use of graphic assets and the visual identity of the IT-Wallet System will soon be available on the :ref:`official website <official-resources:Official Website>` and in the Official Resources section of these Technical Specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Brand Manual containing complete indications for the use of graphic assets and the visual identity of the IT-Wallet System will soon be available at the :ref:`official website <official-resources:Official Website>`.
```
